Add examples and improve description of CA2254. (#29787)
dotnet/docs: docs/fundamentals/code-analysis/quality-rules/ca2254.md

## Rule description

> When performing logging, we want to preserve the structure of the log (including parameter names) along with the parameter values themselves. This allows for better observability and search in log aggregation and monitoring software. We want to maintain the full fidelity of the log message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When performing logging, it's desirable to preserve the structure of the log (including placeholder names) along with the placeholder values. Preserving this information allows for better observability and search in log aggregation and monitoring software.
```

> When performing logging, we want to preserve the structure of the log (including parameter names) along with the parameter values themselves. This allows for better observability and search in log aggregation and monitoring software. We want to maintain the full fidelity of the log message.

Reviewer: According to https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/extensions/logging?tabs=command-line#log-message-template, we should use "placeholders" and "placeholder names".

> Therefore, we prefer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Preferred:
```

```csharp

> var firstName = "Bob";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
var firstName = "Lorenz";
```

> var lastName = "Smith";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
var lastName = "Otto";
```

Author: @gewarren very cool! Is that public? Love the idea.

Reviewer: Unfortunately, no.

> // This tells the logger that there are FirstName and LastName properties on the log message, and correlates them with the values that are passed in.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// This tells the logger that there are FirstName and LastName properties
// on the log message, and correlates them with to the argument values.
```

logger.Warning("Person {FirstName} {LastName} encountered an issue", firstName, lastName);
```

Not preferred:

```csharp

> var firstName = "Lorenz";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// DO NOT DO THIS

var firstName = "Lorenz";
```

> var lastName = "Smith";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
var lastName = "Otto";
```

> // Here, the log template itself is changing, and we will lose the association between named log properties and their values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Here, the log template itself is changing, and the association between named placeholders and their values is lost.
```

> logger.Warning("Person " + firstName + " " + {lastName} + " encountered an issue");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
logger.Warning("Person " + firstName + " " + lastName + " encountered an issue");
```

Author: Whoops! Nice catch, thanks.

// Still an issue when using string interpolation
logger.Warning($"Person {firstName} {lastName} encountered an issue");
```

The logging message template should not vary between calls.

## How to fix violations

> Update the message template to be a constant expression. If you are using values directly in the template, refacor them instead to be along the lines of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the message template to be a constant expression. If you're using values directly in the template, refactor them instead to use named placeholders instead.
```
